hey guys this is pop Noah on another
episode of the smart cookie today we'll
talk about natural foods for diabetics
now as diabetics we understand your diet
is of the utmost importance and it can
be so hard to stay away from the sweet
cravings well don't you worry coz today
will bring you top five natural goodies
that will tantalize your taste buds are
easy to find and as a bonus are great
for your health all right first up let's
talk about apples there are low in
calories and carbohydrate content and
make for a great snack they're loaded
with fiber vitamins and antioxidants so
at work during a snack break instead of
reaching for that bag of chips or a bar
of chocolate munch on an apple instead
next let's talk about spinach there's
nothing the superfood can do there are
low in calories and carbohydrates which
is great news for diabetics so instead
of making plain rotis throw in some
spinach your oil-free spinach paratha
also goes really well with low fat curd
this veggie is easily available and
really inexpensive yes we're talking
about cabbage cabbage has a low glycemic
index of 10 which is great for diabetics
not only that they're high in vitamin C
and K so go on and add them to your
soups curries or even bharata's okra
more commonly known as a lady's finger
is another great vegetable for a
diabetic the presence of soluble fiber
makes this humble vegetable a great
addition to a diabetics diet
so next time you're making some dal
throw in some okra into your curry and
make it more interesting now let's talk
about pears pears are rich in potassium
loaded with fiber and low in
carbohydrates so add them to your fruit
bowl or mix them up with some spinach
and get an instant fix for your hunger
pangs that's it for today don't forget
to subscribe to our Channel and until
next time stay smart
you